Update readme, update monthly CI (#25)
canonical/rob-cos-demo-configuration: README.md

# rob-cos-demo-configuration

This repository hosts a snap for configuring snaps on a device to be monitored with [COS for devices](https://canonical-robotics.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/explanations/observability/what-is-cos-for-robotics/).

It offers two branches with different levels of configuration:

> - `basic`: Provides a basic setup for quick starting monitoring and collecting data a the device.

Reviewer: from a device?

> - `basic`: Provides a basic setup for quick starting monitoring and collecting data from a device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `basic`: Provides a basic setup to quickly start monitoring and collecting data from a device.
```

Reviewer 2: Should we add something like `(not production ready)` or similar ?

Author: Added in [3333d65](https://github.com/canonical/rob-cos-demo-configuration/pull/25/commits/3333d657b5b5f3bd7e253a7c46a114efe87ee3a0)
